This script reads the history export from the RC Loot Council addon for World of Warcraft (tested on Classic) and generates a .csv file summarizing the loot history. It displays all players included in the history as rows, and all dates included in the history as columns. Each cell contains a list of the items that player received on that date. It also generates a column at the end of the .csv file listing the total number of items received by that player. It automatically filters out all crafting recipes, as well as the Tome of Tranquilizing Shot. It can also filter out specific rolls (i.e., my guild has a 'disenchant' roll, and any item won with a disenchant roll is filtered out). Instructions for adjusting this filtering are included as comments within the code.

To use: download the script, as well as the items.csv file included in this repository. That .csv file maps itemIDs to item names, since RC Loot History does not export the item name. Then export your RC history to a .json file. To do this, log into WoW, type "/rc history", then copy the string from the window that pops up. Paste it into a text file and rename that file "export.json". Then put all these files in the same folder (loot_totals.py, items.csv, and export.json) and run loot_totals.py. It will generate a loot_history.csv file in the same folder.

There's also an .exe version, if you prefer to use that. Download the items.csv file and create the export.json file as detailed above. Then put them both in the same folder as loot_totals.exe and run it.
